Company: Example Company
Position: Software Engineer, Data Foundation

DESCRIPTION
About the job
Example Company is the data collaboration platform of choice for the world’s most innovative companies. A groundbreaking leader in consumer privacy, data ethics, and foundational identity, Example Company is setting the new standard for building a connected customer view with unmatched clarity and context while protecting precious brand and consumer trust. Example Company offers complete flexibility to collaborate wherever data lives to support the widest range of data collaboration use cases—within organizations, between brands, and across its premier global network of top-quality partners. 

Hundreds of global innovators, from iconic consumer brands and tech giants to banks, retailers, and healthcare leaders turn to Example Company to build enduring brand and business value by deepening customer engagement and loyalty, activating new partnerships, and maximizing the value of their first-party data while staying on the forefront of rapidly evolving compliance and privacy requirements. 

Example Company is the data collaboration platform of choice for the world’s most innovative companies. A groundbreaking leader in consumer privacy, data ethics, and foundational identity, Example Company is setting the new standard for building a connected customer view with unmatched clarity and context while protecting precious brand and consumer trust. Example Company offers complete flexibility to collaborate wherever data lives to support the widest range of data collaboration use cases—within organizations, between brands, and across its premier global network of top-quality partners.

Hundreds of global innovators, from iconic consumer brands and tech giants to banks, retailers, and healthcare leaders turn to Example Company to build enduring brand and business value by deepening customer engagement and loyalty, activating new partnerships, and maximizing the value of their first-party data while staying on the forefront of rapidly evolving compliance and privacy requirements.

You Will:

Lead the design, development, and deployment of complex software solutions.
Mentor and guide junior engineers, fostering a culture of continuous learning and improvement. 
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and deliver new features.
Ensure the scalability, performance, and reliability of our systems. 
Design and implement modern data infrastructure architectures (data fabric, data mesh, data virtualization).

Your Team Will:

Work on high-impact projects that solve critical business problems. 
Develop and maintain scalable, high-performance systems. 
Collaborate closely with product managers, designers, and other engineers to deliver high-quality software. 
Develop and maintain big data processing systems.
Innovate and iterate on modern, scalable data virtualization technologies.

About You:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.
2+ years of experience in software development, with a strong focus on backend systems.
Proficiency in Go. 
Strong understanding of software architecture and design principles. 
Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail. 
Effective communication and collaboration skills

Preferred Skills:

Experience with cloud platforms such as AWS, GCP, or Azure. 
Familiarity with containerization technologies like Docker and Kubernetes.
Familiarity with Temporal (preferred),, Airflow, Cadence or similar orchestration tools.
Experience with distributed data systems.
Experience with data virtualization.

Benefits:

People: Work with talented, collaborative, and friendly people who love what they do.
Fun: We host in-person and virtual events such as game nights, happy hours, camping trips, and sports leagues. 
Work/Life Harmony: Flexible paid time off, paid holidays, options for working from home, and paid parental leave.
Comprehensive Benefits Package: Example Company offers a comprehensive benefits package designed to help you be your best self in your personal and professional lives. Our benefits package offers medical, dental, vision, life and disability, an employee assistance program, voluntary benefits as well as perks programs for your healthy lifestyle, career growth and more.
Savings: Our 401K matching plan—1:1 match up to 6% of salary—helps you plan ahead. Also Employee Stock Purchase Plan - 15% discount off purchase price of Example Company stock (U.S. Example Companyers)
RampRemote: A comprehensive office equipment and ergonomics program—we provide you with equipment and tools to be your most productive self, no matter where you're located
Location: work in the heart of San Francisco, Little Rock, or from home (remote-eligible roles)

More About Us:

Example Companyers are empowered to live our values of committing to shared goals and operational excellence. Connecting Example Companyers to new ideas and to one another is one of our guiding principles—one that informs how we hire, train, and grow our global teams across nine countries and four continents. By continually building inclusive, high belonging teams, Example Companyers can deliver exceptional work, champion innovative ideas, and be their best selves. Click here to learn more about Diversity, Inclusion, & Belonging (DIB) at Example Company.

For All NYC POSTINGS & SF POSTINGS

The approximate annual base compensation range is $119,500 to $161,000. The actual offer, reflecting the total compensation package and benefits, will be determined by a number of factors including the applicant's experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities, geography, as well as internal equity among our team.

Example Company is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer (AA/EOE/W/M/Vet/Disabled) and does not discriminate in recruiting, hiring, training, promotion or other employment of associates or the awarding of subcontracts because of a person's race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, protected veteran, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetics or other protected status. Qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for the position in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

California residents: Please see our California Personnel Privacy Policy for more information regarding how we collect, use, and disclose the personal information you provide during the job application process.

To all recruitment agencies: Example Company does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Example Company employees or any other company location. Example Company is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

More About Us: 

Example Company’s mission is to connect data in ways that matter, and doing so starts with our people. We know that inspired teams enlist people from a blend of backgrounds and experiences. And we know that individuals do their best when they not only bring their full selves to work but feel like they truly belong. Connecting Example Companyers to new ideas and one another is one of our guiding principles—one that informs how we hire, train, and grow our global team across nine countries and four continents. Click here to learn more about Diversity, Inclusion, & Belonging (DIB) at Example Company.